feat(BCD-419): doc for new deployment mode in bcd cli (#147)
bonitasoft/bonita-continuous-delivery-doc: md/upgrade_bcd.md

```bash
$ cp -r bonita-continuous-delivery_2.1.0/bonita-vacation-management-example bonita-continuous-delivery_${varVersion}.0/bonita-vacation-management-example
```

### From a 3.2.x towards a ${varVersion}.y

#### Living Application deployment

> Starting from version `3.3`, bcd cli default deployment mode is production. While this is safer for production target, when using bcd for development, ensure that you add `--development-mode` to the arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version `3.3.0`, bcd livingapp default deployment mode is production. While this is safer for production target, when using bcd for development, ensure that you add `--development-mode` to the arguments.
```

Exemple of development mode:
```bash
bcd -s <scenario> livingapp deploy -p <application_path> -c <configuration_path> --development-mode

> ```

Reviewer: I don't think this new option requires any file changes or upgrade. Hence I suggest to remove this section.
```suggestion

```
